Shipping
 
and
 
Refund
 
Policy
Shipping Policy

We will make our best effort to ensure that each item in your order is shipped out within five working days of the order date. However, in some cases, it may take up to 7 or more working days during festivals, sales or when there are other mitigating circumstances.
To ensure that your order reaches you swiftly and safely, Kreo uses only reputable courier partners.
A shipping confirmation with your tracking ID will be sent to you after the product has been dispatched. You can track your order using the tracking link in that email, or via the “Track Your Order” section on www.kreo-tech.com. The tracking page will show the approximate delivery time and current shipment status.
Out of Stock situations

Our endeavour is to ensure that all products listed on the site are available in stock for dispatch to the buyer. However, in case the same is not available for any reason, we will contact you within two business days and give you the option to exchange, delay or cancel the order based on your convenience.
In the case of order cancellation, Kreo will provide the refund within 15 days.
Return & Refund Policy

All products sold by Kreo through www.kreo-tech.com are checked and tested by our quality team and guaranteed to be genuine and in new condition
Kreo provides refunds only under Out of stock situations.
All products are protected under 7 Days product replacement (no refund in any condition) policy in case the product has a manufacturing defect only and if it is in unused conditions in the original boxes and with all paperwork (this includes warranties), parts and accessories.
"New and unused" means that there are no scratches, marks, or blemishes on the item and the product must not have been sized or altered in any way. We cannot accept a return of any item with any indication that it has been used.
In case a product is denied at delivery, the shipping charges will be borne by the customer. 
A product will not be replaced under the following circumstances:
An electrical surge or any damage caused by the user.
The customer is not happy with the look of a defect-free product

Product Pricing

Prices are subject to change without advance notice.
All orders are acknowledged at current pricing. We will bill at a price in effect at the time of receipt of money and raising of an invoice.
Our products are liable for GST in India.
Ensure that your product falls under the specified warranty for that particular item.

Warranty
 
Claim
 
Form
Name
Name
Email
Email
Attach a video drive link for the issue you're facing.
Attach a video drive link for the issue you're facing.
Attach the drive link for the invoice.
Attach the drive link for the invoice.
 
Message
Send message
Send message
